{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;
\red26\green26\blue26;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Courriel: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:clemay@techni-data.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 clemay@techni-data.com}}\uc0\u8232 Mot de passe: F27dq36h2F
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 Lien d'acc\'e8s: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://clients.whc.ca/fr"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://clients.whc.ca/}}
\f1\fs26 \cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs32 \cf5 Dear Christian Lemay (Location Beaujean Inc.),
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 Thank for your order! Your new\'a0
\b PRO
\b0  hosting account for\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://locationbeaujean.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \ul \ulc6 locationbeaujean.com}} has now been activated and is ready for use. We recommend you read this email carefully and save it somewhere safe for future reference.
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 This email contains the following sections:
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 1. Web Site and Control Panel (CPanel)\uc0\u8232 2. FTP Access\u8232 3. DNS Information\u8232 4. Email\u8232 5. Web Hosting Guide & Tutorials\u8232 6. Free Email Marketing\u8232 7. Affiliate Program\u8232 8. Renewals and Account Management\u8232 9. Security & Performance Tips\u8232 10. To Contact Us
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 \'a0
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\qc

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b \cf5 1) WEB SITE AND CONTROL PANEL (CPANEL)
\f1\b0\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 The control panel, called 
\b cPanel
\b0 , allows you to manage all features of your hosting account, including email, FTP, Site Builder, statistics, databases, files and more. Please keep this information in a secure place.
\f1\fs26 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1740\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 CPanel Access:
\f1\fs24 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://locatio2.whc.ca/cpanel"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs22 \cf6 \ul \ulc6 http://locatio2.whc.ca/cpanel}}
\f2\fs22  (bookmark me!)
\f1\fs24 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1740\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 Username:
\f1\fs24 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 locatio2
\f1\b0\fs24 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1740\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 Password:
\f1\fs24 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 24kaW4V2ti
\f1\b0\fs24 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs32 \cf5 Once your domain is pointed correctly to our servers (a process called "propagation" that may take up to 24 hours for new domain names), your Web Site may be viewed publicly at the following address:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://locationbeaujean.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 http://locationbeaujean.com}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.locationbeaujean.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 http://www.locationbeaujean.com}} (the "www" is optional).
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 You may also use this permanent links to access your site even without your domain name:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://locatio2.whc.ca/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 http://locatio2.whc.ca}}.
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 \'a0
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\qc

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b \cf5 2) FTP ACCESS
\f1\b0\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 FTP (File Transfer Protocol) connections allow you to transfer files to and from the web server. To connect by FTP, it is best to use specialized FTP software. A good free choice is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://filezilla-project.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 FileZilla}}. Once your FTP software is launched, you can connect to your account using the following information:
\f1\fs26 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1600\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5200\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 Host Address:
\f1\fs24 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ftp.locationbeaujean.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs22 \cf6 \ul \ulc6 ftp.locationbeaujean.com}}
\f2\fs22  OR {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://locatio2.whc.ca/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 locatio2.whc.ca}}.
\f1\fs24 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1600\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5200\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 Username:
\f1\fs24 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 locatio2
\f1\b0\fs24 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1600\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5200\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 Password:
\f1\fs24 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 24kaW4V2ti
\f1\b0\fs24 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1600\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5200\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 Port:
\f1\fs24 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 21
\f1\fs24 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1600\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5200\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 Remote path:
\f1\fs24 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 public_html
\f1\fs24 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs32 \cf5 Once connected, you must upload all your web site's file in the 
\b public_html
\b0  folder. You should name your home page 
\b index.html
\b0 , 
\b index.htm
\b0 , or 
\b index.php
\b0  in order for it to be shown automatically as soon as someone accesses your domain. If there is already a default index file in your public_html folder, you may overwrite it with your own.
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 \'a0
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\qc

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b \cf5 3) DNS (Nameserver) INFORMATION
\f1\b0\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 If you have registered your domain with a third party, you'll need to update your domain's nameservers (also called DNS) in order for it to function with our hosting. This is done automatically for you if you register your domain name with us. Your account's nameservers are:
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 Nameserver 1: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ns1.web-dns1.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 ns1.web-dns1.com}}\uc0\u8232 Nameserver 2: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ns2.web-dns1.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 ns2.web-dns1.com}}\uc0\u8232 Nameserver 3: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ns3.web-dns1.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 ns3.web-dns1.com}}
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 Please note that DNS changes normally require up to 24 hours to take effect, and your domain may experience inconsistent behavior until the changes have fully propagated across the Internet.
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 \'a0
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\qc

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b \cf5 4) EMAIL
\f1\b0\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 To create a new email address: \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://clients.whc.ca/knowledgebase/117/Create-Email.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 http://clients.whc.ca/knowledgebase/117/Create-Email.html}}
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 To read and send emails using Webmail:\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://clients.whc.ca/knowledgebase/134/How-to-Use-Webmail.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 http://clients.whc.ca/knowledgebase/134/How-to-Use-Webmail.html}}
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 To read and send emails using Outlook, Mail, Thunderbird, iPhone, or other mail software:\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://clients.whc.ca/knowledgebase/103/Outlook.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 http://clients.whc.ca/knowledgebase/103/Outlook.html}}
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 \'a0
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\qc

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b \cf5 5) WEB HOSTING GUIDE & TUTORIALS
\f1\b0\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 A must-read for all our clients, our web hosting guide will walk you through everything you need to know as you start using our services:
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hosting-canada.ca/clients/knowledgebase.php?action=displaycat&catid=4"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs32 \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Visit the Web Hosting Guide}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \'a0
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\qc

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b \cf5 6) FREE EMAIL MARKETING
\f1\b0\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 Jump-start your online marketing efforts with effective and streamlined email newsletter campaigns. Web Hosting Canada's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hosting-canada.ca/email-marketing"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Email Marketing}} makes it easy and is included for FREE, up to 
\b 500 contacts
\b0  (a 180$/yr value!).
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 To activate, click on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://clients.whc.ca/cart.php?a=add&pid=63&promocode=ML500PL6ET&language=English&billingcycle=monthly"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 this promotional link}} and follow the on-screen instructions.
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 \'a0
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\qc

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b \cf5 7) AFFILIATE PROGRAM
\f1\b0\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 With the Web Hosting Canada Affiliate Program, you can earn up to 200$ for each referral you send us. It's fast, easy and free. To get started, visit:
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hosting-canada.ca/affiliates"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs32 \cf6 \ul \ulc6 http://hosting-canada.ca/affiliates}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \'a0
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\qc

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b \cf5 8) RENEWALS AND ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT
\f1\b0\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 Your account can be managed from our\'a0
\b Client Area
\b0 , at:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://clients.whc.ca/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 https://clients.whc.ca/}}
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 Please note that the login information for the Client Area was sent to you in a separate email and is different from the login information to your 
\b CPanel
\b0 . The Client Area can be used to manage your services, contact technical support, pay invoices, manage your affiliate account, and more.
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 In order to guarantee service continuity, your hosting contract will automatically be renewed prior to its expiration date, upon payment of your renewal invoice. Your renewal invoice will be e-mailed to you up to 6 weeks prior to your expiration date. If you have a valid credit card on file with us and your services are configured for credit card renewals, we will automatically charge your card 5 days prior to your invoice's due date. If you do not wish to renew your contract, please use the 
\b Cancel Account
\b0  link for the specific service you wish to cancel in your 
\b Client Area
\b0 , at least 
\b 10 days prior
\b0  to your invoice's due date.
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 \'a0
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\qc

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b \cf5 9) SECURITY & PERFORMANCE TIPS
\f1\b0\fs26 \

\f0\b\fs32 Keep your web applications up-to-date
\f1\b0\fs26 . New security patches are released often, so ensure your software as well as its plug-ins, modules and themes are always running the latest versions, otherwise your account may be vulnerable to potential security breaches. You can usually update your applications through the CPanel's 1-click Installer (Softaculous).\

\f0\b\fs32 Always keep your email address on file up-to-date. 
\f1\b0\fs26 If you do not have a valid email address on file, you may not receive critical notifications, such as expiry notices and maintenance notifications.\

\f0\b\fs32 Be careful with your account information. 
\f1\b0\fs26 Never share your login information and don't log in using shared/public\'a0computers (particularly at Internet caf\'e9s!). Use secure passwords at least 8 characters long, containing both letters and numbers. Hackers love short passwords that contain your username or your real name.\

\f0\b\fs32 Beware of scams! 
\f1\b0\fs26 Emails from us are clearly labelled as being sent out by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://whc.ca/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 WHC.CA}} or Web Hosting Canada. You may occasionally also receive account-related mailings from our mother company, 
\f0\i nCube Solutions
\f1\i0 . Be wary of any other communications that claim to come from your web host but that don't include either of those names, particularly those asking you to "renew" your services with a company you do not recognize.\

\f0\b\fs32 Do not delete or move files you are unfamiliar with
\f1\b0\fs26 . Some files on your account, particularly those outside of the public_html folders, are required for the proper functioning of some of your account's features, and should not be modified or deleted. If in doubt, ask our support team.\

\f0\b\fs32 Regularly check your Error Logs and Statistics
\f1\b0\fs26 . They can reveal important errors and trends about your site. Both tools are available in your cPanel\

\f0\b\fs32 Use an up-to-date Anti-virus and Firewall on your workstation
\f1\b0\fs26 . Infected end-user machines are the #1 source of security breaches on hosting accounts. Minimize risks by using commercial anti-virus and firewall software to protect any workstation that connects to any of our secure systems.\

\f0\fs32 \'a0
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\qc

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b \cf5 10) TO CONTACT US
\f1\b0\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 We're here to help! There are various ways of getting in touch with us:
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf5 {\listtext	\'95	}By using the 
\b Client Area
\b0  (click on 
\b Support
\b0 ):\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://clients.whc.ca/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 https://clients.whc.ca}}
\f1\fs26 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 {\listtext	\'95	}By email: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@whc.ca"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 support@whc.ca}} (serviced 7 days a week)
\f1\fs26 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 {\listtext	\'95	}By online chat, via our website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://whc.ca/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 http://whc.ca}} (serviced 24/7)
\f1\fs26 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 {\listtext	\'95	}By phone: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:1-888-545-3942"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 1-888-545-3942}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:1-514-504-2113"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 1-514-504-2113}} Mon-Fri, 8AM-9PM, and Sat-Sun 11AM-5PM Eastern Standard Time
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs32 \cf5 For technical assistance not directly related to your web hosting account, our 
\b Webmaster Help
\b0  service is available at a discounted rate of 75$ per hour, plus applicable taxes. Our experts can help you make the most out of your web site and hosting account. Contact {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@whc.ca"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 info@whc.ca}} for details.
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs32 \'a0
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\b\fs32 Thanks again for choosing Web Hosting Canada & best of luck with your new site!
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://whc.ca/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs32 \cf6 \ul \ulc6 WHC.CA}}
\f0\fs32  | Web Hosting Canada / H\'e9bergement Web Canada\uc0\u8232 Web: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://whc.ca/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 http://whc.ca}} | Email: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@whc.ca"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 info@whc.ca}}\uc0\u8232 Tel: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:1.888.545.3942"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 1.888.545.3942}} / (int) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:%2B1.514.504.2113"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 +1.514.504.2113}}
\f1\fs26 \
}